Operator Guidelines - Protecting from DoS (#391)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/README.md

Mining in Filecoin works quite differently however -- instead of contributing computational power, miners contribute storage capacity to be used in deals with clients looking to store data.

# Table of Contents

> <!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
> <!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
> 
> 
> - [Types of miners](#types-of-miners)
>   - [Coming from another ecosystem?](#coming-from-another-ecosystem)
> - [Getting started as a miner](#getting-started-as-a-miner)
>   - [Hardware recommendations](#hardware-recommendations)
>   - [All about deals](#all-about-deals)
> - [Getting rewards](#getting-rewards)
>   - [WinningPoSt](#winningpost)
>   - [Uptime, slashing and penalties](#uptime-slashing-and-penalties)
>   - [Window PoSt checks](#window-post-checks)
> 
> <!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[TOC]]
```

Keeping a manual TOC is a bit fragile because not all editors will have the doctoc plugin. In most cases the TOC will be redundant because of the sidebar nav but here you can use the magic `[[TOC]]` token to auto generate this at build time, keeping everything in sync 👌

Author: Oh nice! did not know that

:::

## Guildelines for Filecoin Miner operators

Running a public service on the Internet brings a series of challenges that every miner should be aware, specially if it is the first time they are running an Internet service. Filecoin Miner operators are responsible for:

- Running a secure operation following the [Least Priveledge Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).
- Protecting the Miner from [DoS (Denial of Service)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) attacks.
- Set the miner to be diable by the rest of the network so that it can participate in the deal market.
- Keep the Miner running up to date software that includes all the latest security patches.
- Monitor their node and set up alerts in the case of a undesired event happen, be alerted right away.

In order to support you, Filecoin Miner Operators, we've prepared a few guides to walk you through steps in order to improve your operation. Note, these are just a starting point and not the destination, you will need to customize your own deployment to your own infrastructure and network conditions. The guides are:

> - [Improving connectivity](/mine/connectivity) through a series of techniques such as port forwaring, relay and VPNs.
> - [Setting a static port](/mine/setting-a-static-port) so that your firewall and port forwarding stay valid.
> - [Proactive mitigation of DoS attacks](/mine/mitigating-dos)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Improving connectivity](./connectivity.md) through a series of techniques such as port forwarding, relay and VPNs.
- [Setting a static port](./setting-a-static-port.md) so that your firewall and port forwarding stay valid.
- [Proactive mitigation of DoS attacks](./mitigating-dos.md)
```

These are the _relative links_ @cwaring mentioned. Thought I'd make a suggestion so folks can see what they look like, instead of just committing directly into the doc :)

Reviewer 2: You know what, to speed things up I'm just gonna commit things directly.

- Running a secure operation following the [Least Priveledge Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).
- Protecting the Miner from [DoS (Denial of Service)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) attacks.
- Set the miner to be diable by the rest of the network so that it can participate in the deal market.
- Keep the Miner running up to date software that includes all the latest security patches.
- Monitor their node and set up alerts in the case of a undesired event happen, be alerted right away.

In order to support you, Filecoin Miner Operators, we've prepared a few guides to walk you through steps in order to improve your operation. Note, these are just a starting point and not the destination, you will need to customize your own deployment to your own infrastructure and network conditions. The guides are:

- [Improving connectivity](/mine/connectivity) through a series of techniques such as port forwaring, relay and VPNs.
- [Setting a static port](/mine/setting-a-static-port) so that your firewall and port forwarding stay valid.

> - [Proactive mitigation of DoS attacks](/mine/mitigating-dos)

Reviewer: Also please use relative links to internal pages, that way the 404 checker will catch any dead urls as the site structure changes and notify you.

Reviewer: We get two benefits if we use `[text](../../link/to/section/file.md)` (with the markdown ext)
- 404s are checked internally at pre-push and CI stage
- The docs are browsable via GitHub
